Now, let's style this `status` counter.
Here we'll need three styles for three conditions.
The first condition when the question has no answer
this counter will look like this no border at all.
Then a second one when the question has been answered it has green border.
And then the third one when the question has been answered and accepted as best answer it has a green
background.
All right let's go back to our editor
and here we need to define at least two variables.
So let's open this variables dot
scss
And here
Let's define a variable
let's say `color-green` and the color in `rgb`
95 for red 187 for green
and one hundred twenty six for the blue
this will result a light green color
then the second variable will be `color-white`
then the value we can simply use hexadecimal
Now back to `app.scss` and here in `counters` let's select `status` class
and inside this, let's define other class. Here we start with ampersand and then the class name `unanswered`
This will make sure that this class is not stand alone
I mean it should be called like these
class `status unanswered` like this.
OK
and here we simply define border none. Next
let's define another class
answered
and here will make green border so border
one pixel solid and then `color-green`.
And last
let's also set the text color to green: color `color-green`.
Last
Let's define another class ampersand dot
answered
accepted
here we don't need to set border color
Instead we need to change the background color to green.
So background `color-green`
and we need to change the text color to white: color `color-white`. Save the changes
also
here I got error because I I haven't save this. So save that
OK now will successfully
now
now let's try to apply this classes in our view
actually we don't need to try
unanswered class because it will make any difference. Here let's just add answered
save.
reload the page
and oh here we have green border on Answer counter.
Now let's try another class
here let's change this to answered
accepted. Save
reload the page.
All right
now we have green background on answer counter.
Here I think we need to add more space between answer
and views counter
so here
let's define another class
outside status
view
and here let's set margin to to
let's say 10 pixels
save
it get compiled. Reload again
OK great. Last
let's actually apply the style for this answer counter dynamically
So do that let's go back to our editor
go to index.blade.php
and change this to
question
let's say status
then let's open question model
and here let's define a new accessor
So remember an accessor always start with `get`
and then attribute name, in this case `status` and end with Attribute
here we need to return three different classes for three conditions
So if and then we check is the `answers` is great than zero
then we return answered class
and here we also need to check if the best answer Id is not
null here we can write if this best answer Id like this
and then return
answered accepted
class
and lastly
outside if statement that's mean
there's no answer
We return unanswered
OK save
actually
let's save all changes.
Reload the page
as you can see now the style has been applied dynamically to question.
Let me open phpmyadmin
here I'll see my questions
Now I'll change one of them and the answer will be zero.
Save and reload again.
OK
As you can see now the style has been applied dynamically to question's answer counter.
All right
I think it's enough for this lesson.
Let's save our work to our git repository.
Let's switch to our terminal
here we need to stop laravel mix otherwise our assets will get compelled when we switch to master
branch
So I'll hit Control C to stop
and now we can type: git add all
git commit -m
And I'll say add votes, answer and
views counter
to question item
then I'll push my current branch to remote repo. git push origin
lesson-6
OK now we can switch to our master branch. git
checkout master.
And then merge the master branch to the lesson-6 branch: git merge
lesson-6
and last
push our master branch to our remote repo: git push origin
master
Okay great in the
next lesson we'll be continue our coding journey by building question form.
So join me there.